Create a SECURITY.md for example code (#10)
eclipse-csi/security-handbook: templates/example-code-SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

<!--
    Adapt this template as needed for your projects. Make sure to replace 
    `<project>` with your project name.

    For any questions about implementing security best practices, contact the 
    Eclipse Foundation Security Team at security@eclipse-foundation.org
-->

This repository adheres to the [Eclipse Foundation Vulnerability Reporting Policy](https://www.eclipse.org/security/policy/).

## How To Report a Vulnerability

If you think you have found a vulnerability in this repository you can report it using one of the following ways:

* Contact the [Eclipse Foundation Security Team](mailto:security@eclipse-foundation.org) via email
* Create a [confidential issue](https://gitlab.eclipse.org/security/vulnerability-reports/-/issues/new?issuable_template=new_vulnerability) in the Eclipse Foundation Vulnerability Reporting Tracker

> * [Optional] Report a [vulnerability](https://github.com/<organization>/<repository>/security/advisories/new) directly via private vulnerability reporting on GitHub

Reviewer: If available rather than Optional ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [If available] Report a [vulnerability](https://github.com/<organization>/<repository>/security/advisories/new) directly via private vulnerability reporting on GitHub
```

You can find more information about reporting and disclosure at the [Eclipse Foundation Security page](https://www.eclipse.org/security/).

> ## Vulnerability Handling

Reviewer: I would move it to the front (after the policy)

This repository contains code for educational and / or  demonstration purposes only and **SHOULD NOT** be used for production.

In accordance with the latest [CNA rules](https://www.cve.org/ResourcesSupport/AllResources/CNARules), no CVE IDs will be assigned for vulnerabilities reported to this repository, 
however the project will strive to fix any reported vulnerability and mention vulnerable released or tagged versions of code in this repository in the 

> [README.md](https://github.com/<organization/<repository>/blob/main/README.md).

Reviewer: Not everyone's on GitHub, maybe a more generic link?

Reviewer 2: or just remove the link?
